[Music]
seven self-defense moves for women
recommended by professionals Victor
Lyoko he acknowledged martial arts
master wrote a book where he described
the most effective methods of
self-defense to help women if they are
attacked we've chosen the most effective
moves for different situations one for
starters memorize the vulnerable places
it doesn't matter how big your attacker
is because you can beat anyone if you
know where the most vulnerable spots are
the main ones are eyes nose ears throat
chest knees ankles and groin
eyes everybody will agree that if an
attacker can't see you you'll be much
harder to grab what is more a poke or
jab to the eyes is extremely painful
this will distract an aggressor enough
for you to run away knows this is a
sensitive area with a lot of nerve
endings you can use the heel of your
hand to strike an assailants nose it'll
cause enough pain if not to stop an
attacker then to win you at least
sometimes you escape ears if you find
yourself in the position when the only
body part of your attacker you can reach
is his ear don't hold back
show him the power of an angry female a
human ear has numerous nerve endings in
quite a small area so tugging on the ear
scratching it or even biting it will
cause much pain and you'll be able to
run away knees
you know knees Bend only one way besides
they are sensitive to pain so a good
kick to the kneecap can shock an
assailant if you're lucky you can even
topple ankles ankles are quite fragile
and sensitive to pain you can slam your
fun and attackers ankle or kick it hard
it may knock a person off balance chest
there is an impressive bundle of nerves
situated right behind the stomach it's
called the solar plexus if you manage to
punch an aggressor correctly aiming at
the solar plexus this will knock the
breath out of him remember to move all
your body forward when you hit otherwise
this won't work you can attack in any
way you want but to be on the safe side
you need to remember that the most
effective moves are aimed at these areas
to the most effective moves one of the
best moves that will make any giant
whimper or drop to his knees is catching
the wrist grab his little finger and his
ring finger with one hand and his middle
finger and index with the other pull the
fingers in the opposite directions at
the same time bending the wrist away
from yourself if you can't grab your
opponent's hand hit him with a fist or
with a finger between the collar bones
or into his Adam's apple this will allow
you to disorient your opponent so that
it'll take him a long time to come back
to his senses however do this only in
case of extreme danger
for example if he's choking you as
hitting the throat can seriously injure
or even kill a person
the most obvious area for an attack is
the groin all self-defense courses
advise aiming for this area
a simple kick doesn't need explaining
hitting this area will paralyze an
attacker and you'll have just enough
time to escape 3 if you were grabbed
from the front if you were grabbed from
the front and you can't lift your hands
move your hands forward and make a fist
in front of your pelvis this will create
enough room between you and the attacker
then hit the attackers nose with your
forehead this will make him move away
from you now hit him in the groin with
your knee in cases where there's still
some room between you and the aggressor
there's a way you can protect yourself
using your palm straighten your left arm
and hid the attacker on the chin and
nose with your right arm then hit him in
the groin
this way the attacker will be
disoriented for a long time and he won't
be able to move
for how to free your hands you can
easily escape a stronghold if you
remember the rule of thumb rotate your
arm to the side of the attackers thumb
if he's holding your arm tightly rotate
your wrist towards the thumb when your
arm is under the attackers pull your arm
as strongly as you can 5 if you were
grabbed from behind attackers often come
from the back because this is the
easiest way to hold the victims arms so
that they can't move them to set
yourself free quickly bend back and try
to hit the attacker with the back of
your head it's ok if you can't do it the
point is to make the attacker put one of
his legs forward now quickly bend down
grab his leg and get up pulling it with
you the attacker will lose balance 6 if
you were approached and grabbed from the
side hit the attackers temple jaw or
nose with an arched move after this the
attacker will take a few steps back now
hit him in the belly or chest elbow hits
are so strong that they will disorient
any opponent 7 if you were pushed
against the wall it happens very often
that attackers try to corner their
victims or push them against the wall in
this situation it's necessary to
remember the most vulnerable places and
hit one of them depending on your
position if both of the attackers arms
are up then straighten your palm and hit
him in the armpit if one of his arms is
down there's a chance you can hit the
opponent in the chest neck or jaw but
one of the most effective and powerful
hits is a hit with your head squat a
little to be lower than the opponent
then quickly jump up and hit him in the
jaw with your forehead this move will
instantly disorient the attacker and
give you a chance to escape
we hope you'll never have to use these
notes but if you do happen to find
yourself in a threatening situation
remember the vulnerable areas however
most of the dangerous situations can be
avoided turn off your iPhone or iPod
when you're in the street don't use
earphones when you jog establish and
protect your comfort zone don't allow
strangers or anybody with a hostile or
unfriendly attitude to approach you
closer then let's say five feet make it
a habit not to walk close to a building
when turning the corner otherwise you
can get jumped and this will be
extremely dangerous because the
unexpectedness of the attack will
paralyze you don't let strangers into
your house
there's too many clever scams nowadays
to trust anyone who don't know even if
it's a lovely elderly lady looking for
her dog that has sneaked into your place
she can be a distraction the rest of the
criminals are using to get into the
house close and lock the door and look
for the animal on your own if you get a
flat tire and realize that the
neighborhood isn't inviting for an
evening walk move further on the flat
tire changing the wheels is a small
price to pay for your safety make it a
habit to always watch your food and
drinks when eating out so that somebody
didn't add drugs to them if you have
long hair avoid wearing it in a ponytail
it can be easily grabbed and used to
hold you in place and prevent your
escape better to keep your hair down
carry your car keys in your hand
this way you'll be able to unlock your
car fast as soon as you reach it when
you get into your car lock the doors
right away pay attention to how you look
try to make an impression of a confident
person keep your back straight and your
head up if you feel that a situation can
spin out of control scream yelling is a
perfect defense mechanism
you break the role of a victim attract
attention and distract an aggressor
remember that shouting fire is more
effective than yelling help
react unexpectedly it'll throw an
attacker off course they predict certain
actions and you can use an element of
surprise to your advantage
pretend you've noticed someone you know
and call their name fake a heart attack
act in an insane way whatever is easiest
for you how do you keep yourself safe
write to us in the comments share this
video with your friends if you want them
to be safe remember to press the like
button and subscribe to our Channel
stay on the bright side